SoC: stm32c0 support (#3174)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/config/bootloader.md

---
title: Bootloader Integration Configuration
sidebar_label: Bootloader Integration
---

> These are general settings that control the various bootloader intergration feateres of ZMK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are general settings that control the various bootloader integration features of ZMK.
```

| `CONFIG_ZMK_DBL_TAP_BOOTLOADER_TIMEOUT_MS` | int  | Duration (in ms) to wait for a second reset to enter the bootloader | 500                         |

### STM32 nBOOT_SEL Option Byte Setup

Some newer STM32 series SoCs, in particular stm32c0 and stm32g0, enable the `nBOOT_SEL` bit of the option bytes by default. This bit prevents entering the system ROM bootloader by holding the BOOT0 pin/button during a reset/startup.

To ensure the BOOT button on keyboard and controllers using these SoCs works as expected after being flashed with ZMK, we check the `nBOOT_SEL` bit on startup and clear it if it is set. Should you _not_ want that functionality, for some reason, this can be disabled.

| Config                                    | Type | Description                           | Default                 |
| ----------------------------------------- | ---- | ------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
| `CONFIG_ZMK_BOOT_STM32_ENFORCE_NBOOT_SEL` | bool | Ensure the `nBOOT_SEL` bit is not set | y if STM32CO or STM32G0 |

### Bootmode Magic Value Mapper

> Some target SoCs may use the bootmode magic value mapper for [bootloader intergration](docs/development/hardware-integration/bootloader/index.mdx). When doing so, the following configurations are used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some target SoCs may use the bootmode magic value mapper for [bootloader integration](docs/development/hardware-integration/bootloader/index.mdx). When doing so, the following configurations are used:
```
